ADULT ADAM:  Ah,
there was nothing quite like
Thanksgiving
in the Goldberg house.
My mom gave it
her heart and soul,
and all she
wanted in return
was for her family
to sit around the table
and give thanks...
To her.
Okay, turkey's been basted,
and the yams
are marshmallowed.
My job is done.
Maybe it's time for you
to do your jobs
and spend
the next few hours
thinking about
the thing or person
that you're most thankful for.
Bon Jovi's ass.
Darryl Dawkins.
Harrison Ford.
He's Indiana Jones, Han Solo,
and...little-known fact...
He's a trained carpenter.
He can make us a gazebo.
Everyone out. Go get dressed
and think about your answers
while I'm here
slaving away.
And he was underappreciated
in  "Blade Runner."
Harrison Ford sucks.
"Underappreciated,"
you say?
That does suck.
Which none of us
should be saying.
That's a terrible word.
But instead of going
upstairs to change...
(BOTH SHOUTING) Ball-Ball!
We went downstairs...
To play the greatest sport
of all time.
Like all bored siblings,
my brother and I
invented a ton
of different games...
BOTH: Battle-ball!
(ADAM GRUNTS)
But this was our favorite.
It was called...
Ball-ball! Yes!
That was on a breakaway,
so it's 6 points
plus a bonus round!
(PANTING)
Like every game I played
with my big brother,
I had never once won.
It was so bad,
the ball-ball trophy
was even named after him.
And the coveted Barry cup
once again goes to...
Barry...
Norman...
Goldberg!
MURRAY: Hey, hey!
Knock it off.
Enough with the ball-ball.
Your mother told you
to get dressed.
She told you, too.
I'm one move away.
You're four!
Now move it!
I'm not gonna have you ruin
your mother's Thanksgiving.
But it wasn't us that always
ruined Thanksgiving.
No, that title went
to my Uncle Marvin.
But, seriously, why do
we have to invite him
every year?
'Cause Marvin's your brother
and the only family
you've got?
No. I've got you,
I got what's-her-name,
I got the two morons
in the basement. I'm good.
Look, every year
you two fight,
and Marvin ends up
storming out
before we even sit down.
For once, can't you just
take all the negative feelings
and spin them
into a positive?
How?
He's never even had a job.
Positive spin...
He's a free spirit.
You can't put a price
on that.
Oh. How's 900 bucks
for starters?
That's how much I paid
for his bartending school,
and he flunked out.
Who does that?
I'll tell you who.
Tom Cruise
in the movie  "Cocktail,"
and you know how
that ended for him.
Hmm.
Well, actually,
I never saw that movie,
but I assume he won over
the whole city
with his fancy drinks.
Fine! When he gets here,
I will try and be nice to him.
You know what, hon?
With a new positive attitude,
I think Marvin's really
gonna surprise you.
(ENGINE RUMBLING)
(HORN HONKS)
DeLorean!
Surprise.
What's up, Mur?
♪ I'm twisted up inside
♪ But nonetheless
I feel the need to say
♪ I don't know the future
♪ But the past keeps getting
clearer every day ♪
It was Thanksgiving day,
1980-something,
and I had finally discovered
I had something to talk about
with my uncle.
Does it have
a flux capacitor?
(LAUGHING)
Does it run on
1.21 gigawatts?
Have you been chased
by terrorists?
No, but I have been chased
by the ladies...
(SINGSONGY)
'Cause it's a ass magnet!
Okay, enough questions.
Um, Marv, can I get you
something to drink?
(NORMAL VOICE)
Uh, no. can i get you
something to drink?
It's not every day you got
a semiprofessional bartender
in your house, am I right?
Oh! Hey! Cocktail! Hey!
Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
Ho!
Marv-o! Lookin' good!
Right back at you.
What's your poison, Al?
I'll take a gin and tonic.
(IMITATES BUZZER)
Too hard. Pass.
Say wine or Blue Hawaiian.
I really don't want
either one of those.
All right, wine it is.
Who's next?
Mur, what can I do you for?
I'd like to know how
you paid for that thing
in the driveway.
Murray.
What? I'm being positive.
I just want to know
about my brother.
MARVIN:
Uh, uh, no, no, no.
No, no, it's a perfectly
fair question,
given our history.
You guys aren't gonna
believe me,
but I actually got a job.
Yeah, like those
time-shares in Sweden
that you were selling.
Or like that alpaca farm
I invested in. How did I do?
Not good. They got sick,
they hurt some kids.
Sad stuff.
Anyways, I got
a regular old job.
I wear a suit.
I work 9:00 to 5:00,
just like my big bro here.
Speaking of which...
I want to pay you back.
A little bit.
For some of the money
that I owe you.
There's like $2,000
in here.
Yeah, it's a
drop in the bucket,
uh, but it's a start.
(ENVELOPE SLAPS ON COUNTER)
Come here. Come here.
For the first time...
Come here.
My dad felt something
for Marvin
he'd never felt before...
Pride.
(MARVIN LAUGHING) Oh!
It's happening!
(LAUGHS)
(LAUGHING)
Oh. Hey, let's all
sit at the table
and give thanks.
Right now, before
it gets too late.
Unh-unh-unh-unh-
unh-unh-unh.
I have been
waiting all month
to give this guy
a ride in my car.
Mur, what do you say?
Let's ride.
Mur-man!
(SISTER CHRISTIAN
BY NIGHT RANGER PLAYING)
(DOORS HISS)
(ENGINE ROARS)
(WITH STEREO)
♪ Motorin'
♪ What's your price
for flight?
♪ Watchin' "Price is Right"
♪ In finding Mr. Right
♪ You'll be all right
tonight ♪
(TURNS OFF STEREO)
I do not understand
that song.
(LAUGHS) Look at us.
Cruisin' around Jenkintown
like back in the day.
Look at us, huh?
And it's all thanks to
Lotions of the Oceans.
Lotions of the what?
It's my new job.
I'm a lotioneer.
(CHUCKLING) I sell these
facial creams
and body butters,
and they're infused
with this real sea salt.
Beautiful thing, Mur...
You take a dab of this stuff,
you put it on your face,
and your skin becomes
so smooth and soft.
Well, whatever it is,
good for you.
Well, could be
Just a little
cash investment,
you get in on the ground floor
of this killer business.
(GROANS)
What?
Just this time
you made it sound like
it was gonna be different.
It is different.
Marvin, I so want
to support you,
but you make it so hard.
You don't believe me.
Fine. Touch my face.
(SCOFFS) What?
Stop being so judgy
for five seconds,
and touch my face,
and then you will understand
how smooth and delightful
my skin is.
Touch it.
I don't want to touch
your face.
Touch my face!
I don't even touch
my wife's face.
Touch my face!
It's like I'm all man,
except for this one tiny spot.
I'm not touching your face.
It's like a little
baby's earlobe!
You're out of your mind.
That's it! Pull over!
What?
Remove yourself from
the cockpit of my car!
My dad wasn't the only one
spending quality time
with his brother.
Battle-ball!
Ah! Battle-ball! (GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
Yes! Yes!
That's a left-handed goal!
2 points for me,
and Barry wins again!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
You didn't call "ball-ball."
Yes, I did.
No, you didn't.
I was sitting right here.
That's minus 2 points,
plus a penalty shot.
Line up.
Whatever.
Like it matters.
I didn't realize it
at that moment,
but as Barry covered his groin
with a throw pillow,
our entire power dynamic
was about to shift.
Head-shot! 5 points!
Nuh-unh!
Didn't hit my head.
Uh... Yes, it did.
I was just watching.
I just won. I just won!
I just won at ball-ball!
Not true!
There's no way
you just won!
I'm pretty sure
he just won.
There isn't a world
where this little,
un-athletic,
lazy-eyed nerd
would beat me.
Well, this un-athletic,
lazy-eyed nerd
is now ball-ball champion!
History had been made,
and I did what
any champion would...
Gloat.
I knew it! I knew
you had an angle!
What?
You trapped me in your
stainless steel box
just to ask me for money!
It's not asking for money!
I'm only telling you about
the investment opportunity
of a lifetime,
and it's gonna cost you
$2,000.
You just paid me back
$2,000!
So you have it!
You have to be
the biggest moron
of all time.
(TIRES ROLLING)
Would a moron drive
an awesome car like that?
Do you have insurance?
Why? No!
Oh, my God!
No!
You didn't put
the parking brake on!
Moron! No! Please!
(SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY)
Moron! (WAILS)
Oh, gosh!
Okay. Uhh!
It's just a dent!
It's just a dent.
You're lucky this thing
was built in America.
(GRUNTING)
(CONTINUES GRUNTING)
(METAL CREAKING)
You bent the frame!
Yep. He bent the frame.
I thought the car looked
even more awesome like this.
Hey, pal.
But my uncle did not agree.
He bent the frame!
What...really?
Now that my dad
and Uncle Marv
were getting along,
my mom was finally
gonna get her thanks.
Okay, they're back!
Or so she thought.
Everyone...
Let's all sit at the table
and say our thanks...
(DOOR CLOSES)
To whoever
that may be.
Bevy, I am so sorry.
I know you wanted
this year to be different,
but it turns out
some things
never change!
I'll tell you
what's changed.
I'm never coming
back here again.
MURRAY:
You say that every year,
but you keep showing up!
Yeah, well, this time
I mean it!
I'm gonna call DeLorean's
24-hour concierge
maintenance line,
come fix my car...
And then I am
so out of here!
No! No one's
going anywhere!
The turkey's
out of the oven.
(PICKS UP PHONE)
We've never
made it this far!
(DIALS)
(BEVERLY SIGHS)
(AUTOMATED BEEP)
WOMAN:  The number you have
called has been disconnected.
What the hell?
Aren't they
out of business?
What are you talking about?
It was all over the news.
The owner...John DeLorean...
He was arrested
for trying to sell
two FBI agents
cocaine powder.
What are you
saying to me?
Seriously, the negativity
in this house is unbelievable!
(MOTOR WHIRRING)
(KNOCKS ON DOOR)
Yo! Ad-rock! What's up?
Listen, I've given it
a lot of thought,
and I've decided
to officially acknowledge
that you won
the Barry cup.
The Adam cup.
Sure. Point is,
is I'm being a man
and agreeing that you won.
Now you be a man
and play me in ball-ball
so I can win
the trophy back.
Yeah, here's the thing
about that...
I retired.
What?
I've basically done
all I needed to do
on the ball-ball court,
and now I'm looking
to the future.
You can't retire
as champion.
It makes you
champion forever.
(INHALES SHARPLY)
Ooh, I guess it does.
Fine. I'll beat you
at something else.
Hockey, basketball, darts,
Uno, Clue, Battleship,
arm wrestling,
thumb wrestling,
real wrestling...
Just play me in something
so I can beat you in it!
Are you sure
you can beat me?
Or has the power
dynamic shifted,
and you'll never win
anything ever again?
Are you serious right now?
From now on, you're not
the big brother anymore.
I am.
I will always be
the big brother.
I've grown 2 inches
this year.
How much have you grown?
I don't have
to answer that.
Get your affairs in order,
'cause from now on,
I'm the man.
Now... Leave me to my robot.
While Barry's anger
was heating up,
my mom's
perfect Thanksgiving
was cooling down.
(WHIRRING)
Dude...
(WHIRRING STOPS)
I'm so stuffed!
Wait a minute.
Where are you
coming from?
I just ran over
to Lainey's house.
Her mom made the most
amazing feast.
I need to lie down.
Well, you better make
room in your body,
because this
Thanksgiving
is happening.
(INHALES AND EXHALES DEEPLY)
I gotta be honest
with you, Bev.
I'm taking a lot
of body blows today.
Whole lot of body blows.
Apparently, in addition
to DeLorean discontinuing
their 24-hour
concierge service,
now it's impossible for me
to buy spare parts,
because the company
no longer exists!
Really wish someone
would have told me that
before I bought the car.
Point is,
I'm calling a cab.
(FLIPPING PAGES)
No! No cabs!
I just cut the turkey,
Marvin.
(DIALING)
Come on.
My mom knew her big
Thanksgiving thank-you...
(LINE RINGING)
Was going down the drain,
so she decided to use
every ounce of manipulation
and emotional blackmail
in her arsenal
to make sure
that didn't happen.
She was good cop...
I know you had
a lousy father
and your
childhood with Marvin
was very complicated.
I get it.
I am on your side.
She was bad cop...
I'm getting angry, Marvin.
You won't like me
when I'm angry.
She was guilt cop...
I am this close to
giving up as a wife,
as a mother,
and as a human being.
And finally,
she was the crooked cop
that just plain lied.
You know how prideful
Murray is.
He literally just told me
he wants to invest
in your company,
but he doesn't know
how to say it.
Marvin wants to
just move on
and forget
he ever mentioned
the business to you.
There's no reason to ever
bring it up again.
This is the check from Murray.
He wants you to have it.
But...
He also wants you
to never mention it.
Ever.
My mom had worked her magic,
and for a few minutes,
it was actually like being
at a normal Thanksgiving.
(LAUGHS)
So there we were, okay?
Connie Mack stadium.
Sandy Koufax just
pitched a no-hitter
against our Phillies.
He was unbelievable.
We run down from
the nose-bleed seats.
That's all we could afford.
You kids have no idea
how good you got it.
MARVIN: Sandy is about
to go into the dugout.
Suddenly, he turns around,
he looks at us,
throws me the ball.
No. He threw me the ball,
because I caught it.
(LAUGHS) He clearly
threw it to me,
which is why Dad made you
give me the ball.
Yeah, the greatest
pitcher of all time
from 8 feet away doesn't know
what kid he's throwing to?
Okay. Keeping it positive.
Uh, now's the time
in our dinner
where we're all going to
go around the table
and say what or who
we're most thankful for.
All right?
I'm gonna start.
I'm thankful
to be surrounded
by my beautiful,
loving family. (CHUCKLES)
Erica?
I can't even talk,
I'm so full.
Fine. Barry, go.
I'm thankful for the game
Hungry Hungry Hippos,
which is set up in the den
if anyone wants to play.
I am also thankful
for my family,
which I'll now list
from most to least powerful.
Dad, Pops, Mom, Erica,
me, Uncle Marv,
and of course,
dead last, Barry.
Why are you putting me last?
You can't put me last.
Can't I?
BEVERLY: Okay,
can we stop arguing
and start thanking
someone meaningful?
Someone who's done
a lot for you?
Well, I'm thankful
for a little woman
who's always
been there for me,
not just today,
but throughout the years.
Lady luck.
Without her,
the Cowboys would never
have covered the spread.
You guys really want to know
what I'm thankful for?
Of course.
Come on, don't hold back.
Well, I was
told specifically
not to mention it...
Oh. Oh, boy.
Uh, maybe don't.
Nah, I'm gonna do it.
Or not.
I am thankful
for my big brother,
who believed in me enough
to invest
in my cosmetics venture.
I what now?
Marvin, I thought we weren't
gonna talk about that.
Whoa. Stop right there.
We're investing
money in stuff? I'm in.
Oh! I love you guys.
(LAUGHS)
And...and you're gonna love
Lotions of the Oceans.
Real sea salt. Huh?
(TAPS ON TABLE)
Kelp...second ingredient.
I'm gonna go
get my samples
out of the trunk.
You're gonna love it.
So...
Anyone else
like to give thanks?
Okay, this is our brand-new
face revujenator.
I think it's rejuvenator.
Uh... I think I know
what revujenator is.
I'm the guy
selling the stuff.
I feel younger already.
We're gonna be rich.
I have the cup!
I'm the champion!
That's not how it works!
Give it back!
(LOWERED VOICE)
What were you thinking
giving Marvin money
behind my back?
I'm sorry.
I screwed up.
But for a split second,
I saw you two getting along,
and I know you were happy.
Fine, I was happy!
But that's because
I thought he'd grown up
and I wouldn't have to
take care of him anymore!
Okay! Here you go.
You probably want
to clear some space
out of your garage,
because you're gonna
get a delivery
of about, uh, 20 cases
of this stuff on Monday.
(NORMAL VOICE)
Why would I want
20 cases of that crap?
Because you invested.
Right?
That's...that...
That's the deal.
You...you peddle the creams,
and you recruit more people
to expand
your sales triangle.
Sales triangle?
Wait. Is this a damn
pyramid scheme?
No, no! Th...
There's 26 tiers
of sales, okay?
The guys at the top,
they make the most money,
and then it funnels down
toward the base
of the three-dimensional
triangle.
You literally just described
a pyramid, you idiot!
I see what it is.
I'm finally doing well
for myself,
so my brother, of course,
thinks it's some
kind of a scam!
Murray, stop it!
It's Thanksgiving!
It's a pyramid!
My face hurts.
It's burning real bad.
The burning means
that it's working.
It's working too much!
There's fire on my face!
Okay... Just wipe it off.
It's Thanksgiving.
Come back here!
That's my cup!
BEVERLY: Come on,
just wipe it off.
ERICA: Ow! Ow! Ow!
Come back here!
ERICA: Ow, ow!
I'm in a great deal
of pain now.
You know what?
ERICA: Get it off!
I don't care
what you people think.
I stand by my product.
(ERICA AND BEVERLY SHOUTING)
Then, uh, why don't you
put it on your face?
What are you doing?
You wanted me to touch
your face so bad in the car.
Get away from my face.
You're taking it
out of context.
Come on! That was
a different situation!
Oh, my God!
Get your hand
off his face!
it's Thanks... (BLEEP) giving!
No! Oh, my God! Ew! Ew!
BEVERLY: Murray
Oh, my God!
It was a sad sight
watching my dad and uncle
fight like children,
but even sadder was
that Marvin had to ask
for a ride home.
(PARKING BRAKE SETS)
I'm gonna send
a flatbed over on Monday,
so if it begins to rain,
please cover the DeLorean
with a tarp or something.
How's your eye?
Still a little sting-y.
(SIGHS)
You're right about me.
I'm a moron.
My car's a bust, I still
live in our parents' house,
and apparently
I'm too stupid to realize
that a triangle is the same
shape as a pyramid.
I don't know,
I just wish that once
I could do something
that didn't disappoint
you, Murray.
What do you care
what I think?
Are you serious?
You raised me.
I mean, Dad wasn't there.
You were.
You're the one
I look up to.
Well, don't.
I was just doing
what I had to do.
Yeah, well, you gave up
your childhood for me.
Don't think I forgot that.
I was glad to do it.
No, you weren't.
You're right.
I would have liked
to have gone to my prom.
Yeah. I'm sorry I ate
that detergent.
It just smelled
really good.
(SCOFFS)
Look, the point is,
it wasn't easy
looking after you.
But I don't regret it.
And the only reason
I call you a moron...
Is because I want
the best for you.
Really?
Yeah.
(SISTER CHRISTIAN
BY NIGHT RANGER PLAYING)
(INHALES)
Hold on a second,
all right?
Don't go anywhere.
I'll... I'll be right back.
Turns out
it wasn't the DeLorean
that forced my dad and his
brother to revisit the past.
It was my dad's
crappy old station wagon.
♪ Sister Christian
(DOOR CLOSES)
♪ Oh, the time has come
I want you to have that.
The Koufax ball?
(CHUCKLES) Yeah.
I can't!
Take it. Have a little bit
of your childhood back.
Huh? We both know that
he was throwing it to you.
Get your butt in here.
Come on.
Thanksgiving's not over.
Hey. Can we talk?
No.
Listen.
After I saw
Dad and Uncle Marv
acting like morons,
I thought, maybe I will
give you that rematch.
Thought you didn't
want to 'cause you're
the big brother now.
Oh, come on.
You'll always be
my big brother.
♪ Motorin'
♪ What's your price
for flight?
For the first time ever,
my mom ended up getting
her perfect Thanksgiving.
We even made it to dessert.
Hey. Can I just, uh,
say something here?
I think we should
give Mom a big thanks
for working her ass off
and bringing us all
together.
Whoo!
Hear, hear.
MARVIN: Yeah, Bev.
POPS: Hear, hear.
That's...that's not
why I do it,
but thank you very much.
It's nice to be appreciated.
♪ In finding Mr. Right
♪ You'll be all right
As for me and Barry,
a new era of ball-ball
had begun,
and it was anybody's game.
BARRY: He shoots!
He scores!
He wins!
ADAM: Ah! You didn't
say "ball-ball."
Damn it!
Okay, look me in the eye.
Are you positive
that you want to be a serious,
dedicated, professional
bartender?
Uh, maybe?
Good.
I dig the fire
in your belly.
Okay, rule number one...
Always remember, no one cares
what their drink tastes like,
as long as it's served
with flair and panache.
Huh?
Uh, that doesn't
sound right.
It's okay.
Follow my lead, okay?
(HARD ROCK PLAYING)
Ho! Hey! Cocktail!
Cocktail!
Hey! Who wants...
(BOTTLE SHATTERS)
What the hell's going on
in here?
Nothing. We were just...
Are you drinking?
No! I was just...
Get your tuchus
upstairs now!
BEVERLY: Move it!
(MOUTHS WORDS)
Uhh...
You're not getting
a thing to eat!
You ought to be ashamed
of yourself, Barry.
Just a few minutes.
Okay, enough of this.
My shoes are
soaking wet.
I don't care!